feat: allow fine grain control of BrowserWindow.focus behavior on mac (#21897)
electron/electron: docs/api/browser-window.md

the close button of the window. The web page may cancel the close though. See
the [close event](#event-close).

#### `win.focus([options])`

* `options` Object (optional)

>   * `ignoreOtherApps` Boolean (optional) - Controls whether focus should be stolen when other apps are active on mac. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `ignoreOtherApps` Boolean (optional) _macOS_ - Controls whether focus should be stolen when other apps are active. Default is `false`.
```
